---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Week 9 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I worked with my group to complete the third project in the course, which was due last Thursday.

# What's in your way?

The project was relatively straightforward, and thus there was not too much in my way. I think we worked well together as a group, to split up the tasks and work out times where most of us were available to meet. However, we did run into an issue with submission where we were not able to get emails and EIDs from all the group members in time before the deadline, so some group members unfortunately took a 20% penalty. 

# What will you do next week?

Next week, I will hopefully be making a lot of progress on the second part of the project, which is due next Thursday. The next two weeks are looking very busy for me, so we will definitely need to get started early in order to finish on time.

# My experience in the course

As I mentioned in my last blog post, the project seems decently interesting, as we get to work with many frontend and backend technologies and see how they all come together to create a functional and dynamic website. In class, we are continuing to learn more about python, especially with a focus on how to query data and build different data sets. 

# Tip of the week

Because we are using Slack to communicate between group members in the project, I think it would be useful to share some information about the [Slack API](https://api.slack.com/custom-integrations). It allows you to integrate various tools, such as Github and Travis, as well as your own application, with Slack messaging using webhooks. Check it out!
