---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Week 8 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, we were introduced to the third project in Software Engineering, after taking the midterm for the course the week before. The 3rd, 4th, and 5th projects in the course will actually all be building up on each other, as we will be working on teams of 5 to build a dynamic website that will basically serve as a database on a specific subject. 

We began brainstorming ideas for the website topic, and thinking of our pillars/searching for relevant APIs online. In the end, we decided to create a website on reseach publications.

# What's in your way?

There seems to be quite a few new technologies to learn, as we have to set up DigitalOcean, use a Python  library called Flask, learn how to integrate with PostgreSQL and AngularJS, etc. However, I think this will be useful as I will be able to learn and gain exposure to new web technologies, as I previously have only worked in the LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP). 

# What will you do next week?

Next week, we will be completing the third project, which is just setting up the domain/hosting and implementing a static website with models of the databases that we will populate in later sections of the project. 

# My experience in the course

The project seems to be a good representation of web development in an actual development team/environment, so I think it will be interesting to gain this type of software engineering experience. I hope that we will continue to learn more about Python in the course as well, so that I can continue growing my knowledge of the language.

# Tip of the week

Here's some [solid advice](http://catb.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html) about asking questions, which is especially pertainable in the field of computer science.
