---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Reflection for the second week of classes.

# What did you do this past week?

We started discussing some intricacies of Python, as well as learning about the history/background of software engineering. We talked about the different activities involved in software engineering: requirements specification, design, implementation, verification and validation (V&V), and maintainence. All of these activities fall under the broad topic of project management. The software engineering process as a whole manifests itself as various philosophies, such as Waterfall and (more recently) Agile. 

In our exploration of python, we practiced writing a function to determine whether a number is prime or not. We also discussed some optimizations that we could implement that will be helpful in optimizing the Collatz program that we are wokring on. Finally, we began some basic discussion on exception handling (try/catch) and how it works in Python.

# What's in your way?

I think one of the biggest challenges for me will be to learn the new technologies that are introduced in this class through the projects. Additionally, even though Python is such as syntactically simple language, it seems to have many intricacies, which I will have to learn as I progress in the Collatz project.

# What will you do next week?

Outside of the lecture times, I will be completing and submitting the Collatz project. In the classes, we will most likely discuss Python and the project some more, so I am looking forward to learning more about the language.

# My experience in the course

Thus far, I have quite enjoyed the course. I believe that it is taught at a good pace, and the material is presented in an interesting way. Particularly, I think it is helpful to write code in class together, and look at different implementations for solutions to a given problem. 

# Tip of the week

Since this class is taught using Python, for this week's tip I want to share my IDE of choice for the language: [Pycharm](https://jetbrains.com/pycharm/).
