---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

Week 14 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week was a shortened week, and we only had class on Tuesday. In class, we looked at Python and Java examples for abstract factory patterns, the "clone" operation, and prototype patterns. 

# What is in your way?

Nothing was really in my way last week, as we did not have any projects and it was a shortened week, but I discuss more about what's in my way next week below.

# What will you do next week?

I will be spending a lot of time studying for the final exam. I think that one of the biggest challenges for the exams is that there's only two of them throughout the entire semester, and thus a large amount of material is covered on each exam. I will definitely be spending time thoroughly going through all the examples we've looked at in class, and the assigned readings. Hopefully I will be able to end the semester strong with a good performance on the final exam, as our group did not do
too well on all the IDB projects.

# My experience in the course

As this is the last blog entry for the semester, I think it's appropriate to take some time to reflect on the semester as a whole. Overall, I thought this course was pretty useful. I had previously done some work in Python before, but this class definitely improved my Python skills and taught me a lot of details about the language. Additionally, I think learning a new web stack using PostgreSQL, Flask, SQLAlchemy, etc. also improved my web development skills. Overall, I feel like I
got a lot out of the course, and it went by pretty fast. 

# Tip of the week

Make sure that you fill out the eCIS extra credit to get the 2.5% bonus added to your grade!
