---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Week 10 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, we got to hear from Pariveda Solutions, a consulting company, in lecture, as employees of that company shared their experiences and advice with us. I thought it was interesting to get the perspective from a consulting company, as it is a different culture and environment than standard software engineering roles. Outside of lecture, I began working with my group partners on part two of the IDB project, which is due next Thursday. 

# What's in your way?

In terms of the project, there is a lot for me to learn on how to set up the backend properly and use PostgreSQL, as I have much more experience historically using SQL. Additionally, I think that writing the APIs will be a challenge, as once again I am being exposed to new technologies that I have not worked with before. However, I think that it will be a rewarding experience and broaden my knowledge in web development. 

# What will you do next week?

Next week, I will be finishing up part two of the IDB project, as it is due next Thursday.

# My experience in the course

I think it is an interesting experience to be able to hear from software engineers from various companies, as it really gives you a real-world perspective into what different types of technologies real companies are using, and their culture/environment. It is very helpful.

# Tip of the week

Not exactly CS related, but here's an interesting tip for web browsing: if you ever accidentally close a window/tab in Chrome/Firefox, you can get it back immediately by pressing `Ctrl/Cmd + Shift + T`. 
