---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

Week 7 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I spent most of the my time preparing for the first exam of the course. 

# What's in your way?

Studying for the test was not incredibly difficult, although the material was challenging to a certain degree. Fortunately, Professor Fraij provided a great deal of resources, including lecture notes and examples through Github, which demonstrated all of the concepts that were going to be tested on. However, the sheer amount of material meant that I spent roughly 10+ hours studying for the test.  

# What will you do next week?

Professor Fraij released the details for the third project of the course over the weekend, so I think I will be spending most of my time this week, aside from attending lectures, finding a group for the project (groups of 5 people are required) and beginning to work on it. 

# My experience in the course

I think that reviewing for the test definitely made me realize that the course has taught me quite a lot about Python. Despite having a very simple syntax, I've seen how Python is actually an incredibly powerful and flexible object-oriented programming language.

# Tip of the week

I would personally recommend taking a break every 30 minutes to 1 hour when writing code. Often times, taking your mind off the immediate problem for even just 5 minutes, taking a step back and thinking about the broader problem, can lead you to come up with some new/better ideas. 
