---
layout: post
title: End of Project 1 (Week 3)
---

Week 3 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I finished the first project for the course, the Collatz project. In the course, we discussed some different data structures within python. For example, we compared the behavior of lists versus tuples, and looked at different implementations of factorial functions, using recursion, loops, etc. We also discussed sets and dictionaries.

# What's in your way?

Last week, my biggest challenge was learning how to use the new technologies that were introduced to us for the first project. Additionally, getting the Sphere test to pass for the project also took a bit of work, as python is quite a slow language and I ended up implementing both a lazy cache and meta cache in order to get Sphere to finally pass, instead of telling me that my script exceeded the runtime limit. 

# What will you do next week?

We will be introduced to the second project next week, so I will most likely begin to work on that during the coming week. 

# My experience in the course

I quite enjoyed the first project, as the problem was mildly interesting and we were forced to consider several optimizations in order to get Sphere to pass. I look forward to the second project, and I hope that it will be even more interesting.

# Tip of the week

If you're looking for a cheap/free way to host a web-based service, I would strongly suggest [Amazon Electronic Compute Cloud (EC2)](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/). The prices are very competitive, you get dedicated virtual resources, and you have complete control over EC2 instances. Additionally, they offer a free tier which lets you use a micro instance without charge, for a full year.
