---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Week 13 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I worked with my group to complete the third and final part of the IDB project series. 

# What is in your way?

I felt that this third part of the project was not as difficult as the second, and not too much was in our way. It was interesting to learn how to implement the search functionality, and also useful to see how we could easily integrate a third party API into our project. A lot of the work was spent on the technical writeup, user stories, and the making of our final presentation, and these tasks were not too difficult, although they did take a fair bit of time. 

We also had to fix unit tests and add embedded media, which were not working properly for us in our IDB2 submission.

# What will you do next week?

Next week, there will not be too much going on as it is the week of Thanksgiving. We only have class one time next week, on Tuesday. Based on the course schedule, it looks like we will be doing something with abstract factory design patterns, and also looking at some Java code examples related to cloning and prototypes.

The week after the shortened next week, we will be taking our second and final exam, so I will also need to start preparing for that soon.

# My experience in the course

My overall experience with the IDB projects has been a positive one. I think I definitely learned a lot.

# Tip of the week

I recently found a website called [LeetCode](http://leetcode.com), which gives you technical interview practice problems, and grades your performance against others. It has definitely helped me a lot as I'm preparing for an upcoming technical interview.
