---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

Week 11 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I finished the fourth project for the course, IDB2. This project was a direct continuation of the previous project, IDB1. As a group, we implemented the functionality to make the website functional, including designing, implementing, and integrating the API, fetching data and building a database, writing/running unit tests, and more. 

# What is in your way?

The project was very time consuming, and I had to learn a lot about Python, and the various libraries that we used such as SQLAlchemy and Postgres, in order to implement all the components properly. One of the biggest challenges was just figuring out how all the components of the website worked together. 

Additionally, we ran into an issue with Travis where the builds were not running for us, despite us setting up Travis properly. We believe that this was caused because our repository was originally private, and then converted to a public repository. Because Travis uses different systems (travis-ci.com versus travis-ci.org) for managing private and public repos, we believe this is what caused our builds not working. So we ultimately had to create a new repository and migrate the code,
issues, and wiki to the new repo.

# What will you do next week?

Next week, I will begin working on the final project for the course, and the third part of the IDB project series. In the third and final part, we will be integrating the API from another group, as well as implementing search functionality within our website.

# My experience in the course

We are beginning to talk about databases more in the course, which I think will be very interesting and helpful. 

# Tip of the week

In order to get data into our database, one of the tools that we used was called [SQLizer](http://sqlizer.io), which converts various file types (JSON, Excel, etc.) into SQL. It was very easy to use, and I would recommend it for any database conversion that you need to do.
