---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Week 12 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I began working on the third and final part of the IDB project. Among other things, we have to implement a search functionality into our website, as well as integrate another group's API. 

# What is in your way?

Unfortunately, we didn't finish all of the required tasks from part two of the project. So we also have to complete those in addition to the third part's requirements. As a result, we're spending quite a bit of time on the project, but so far nothing technical has been in our way.

# What will you do next week?

Next week, we will be finishing up the project, as it is due next Thursday. We also have to prepare a presentation which we will be giving to the class over the next couple of weeks, talking about our website and implementation as a whole. So there is definitely a lot to do before Thanksgiving break and the end of the semester.

# My experience in the course

In the course, we have been talking more about database systems such as MySQL, and the SQL language in general. Although I have a basic understanding of SQL based on previous web development experience, it's interesting to learn more about it, especially more complex concepts such as joins. I think SQL is definitely a skill that is applicable at nearly every software engineering company, as there is almost always some sort of data that needs to be stored and managed. 

# Tip of the week

If you want to share specific snippets of code, there's an easy way to do that through Github, using a feature called [Gist](https://gist.github.com/). Simply copy/paste the code in the text box and give it a description, and you can share it publicly, where others can comment/suggest changes, or keep it private for personal future reference.
