---
layout: post
title: End of Project 2 (Week 5)
---

Week 5 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week, I completed and submitted the Netflix project the course.

# What's in your way?

The project overall was not incredibly difficult, and also decently challenging. It was pretty interesting to try to solve a real-world problem, and the article provided that discussed the actual solution that won the million dollar Netflix prize was very insightful. 

However, I did run into issues that I was notified of post-submission and was asked to re-submit the project. The problem was that I had not verified that the build ran properly on the CS machines, which is one of the requirements for all projects in the course. Unfortunately, though it was a simple issue of me not using the correct "coverage" command (you have to use "coverage3.5" instead of "coverage3" on the CS machines), it cost me 20% of my grade.

# What will you do next week?

I will begin preparing for the first test in the course, which is next Thursday.

# My experience in the course

My experience in the course last week was pretty decent. As I said, although it sucks to lose points on the project that could easily have been prevented, it was a relatively enjoyable project to work through. 

# Tip of the week

If you're like me and use both Mac and Windows machines, it can annoying having to switch back and forth between the keyboard/mouse for the two machines. [Synergy](http://symless.com/synergy/) is a piece of software that solves this problem. It allows you to control multiple Windows/Mac machines that are connected to the same network using the same keyboard/mouse.
