---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

Week 6 blog post for Software Engineering

# What did you do this past week?

This past week was not too busy in Software Engineering, as we did not any projects that were due, or that we had to work on, which has been standard for other weeks. In terms of the lecture, we looked at more in-depth examples in Python of how to build iterators, different ways of packing/unpacking function parameters, and using lambdas and closures.

# What's in your way?

As I said before, because the last week was not incredibly busy so there was really nothing in my way. However, I will say that the lecture material definitely got more difficult, and there is quite a lot that I have to review on.

# What will you do next week?

Next week will be mostly spent on preparing for the first exam in the course. Based on what Dr. Fraij said, it seems that there is a ton of material, both from the book and lectures, that will be on the first test. I have already started reviewing the lecture material starting from the beginning and will continue to do so until the test on Thursday. 

# My experience in the course

My experience has been positive in the last week, as it was interesting to learn about Python in greater detail. Although the language has such a simple syntax, the examples that we go through really show what a powerful language Python is. 

# Tip of the week

In git, if you want to commit changes to all tracked files, you can combine the add and commit commands, by saying 'git commit -am "My commit message"'. 
